hello and welcome everyone here we have
an announcement video for you guys as
you can see up on screen there is a
total war rome 2 invitational tournament
taking place this saturday the twentieth
of december from Team Dignitas in
collaboration with Creative Assembly and
they've been very kind enough to invite
me along to commentate alongside mr.
dogbert or see a hoodie and some of you
will know him they'll be over on the
twitch.tv food / ready up TV twitch
channel link that in the description
should be starting at around about 1
p.m. gmt again there'll be a time
converter in the description so you guys
can work out when to come on line for
that if it is starting any earlier or
later then make sure you follow me on
twitter again links much with it is in
the description and i'll be tweeting on
the day when it's gonna be starting and
things like that it's an eight-player
invitational and up on screen now you
should be having a look at the bracket
list so you can see all the players that
are involved and as you'll have seen on
that first battle picture there is a 750
pound prize money up for grabs with this
so plenty of incentive to get those
players at their best at first place
gets 400 pounds second place gets 250
and a third place gets a hundred pounds
so some great players looking at that
bracket already on over there some
pretty pretty good ones from previous
tournaments that I've seen so I'm
looking forward to seeing that and again
I'm just loving fact I get a chance to
commentate again because I'm certainly
not a great multiplayer player but I
love to commentate and I think we'll be
joined by some other total war
commentators as well I believe in d
Pryde and game of dudes don't will be
jumping on at some point or coming on to
have some kind of expert chat moment so
hopefully get that going on I think
there'll be some youtuber show matches
potentially I'm happening as well with
some of your favorites so definite go
check it out come and say hi to me so be
going on saturday from about 1pm i think
until about 6pm but obviously it will
just go on until you know we've got
through all the all the rounds so yeah
come show your support for that
definitely tune in if you can't make it
though I think
I'm getting arranged with team ding test
so that I can actually put the
recordings of each of the battles up on
my channel afterwards so even if you
can't watch the twitch stream they will
be up on my channel you know hopefully a
couple of days after or something like
that so anyway links to all the stuff
you need is in the description i hope
you guys are having a great week so far
see you on Saturday for this tournament
until next time java now